[Music]
well this is the Swift trawler 35 from
Veneto and as you can see it is
incredibly popular now this boat has
superseded the 34 of which they sold
maybe five hundred well this is how
versatile the Swift roll of 35 years
notice how the table can come out from
the saloon and go into the aft deck as a
dining area and then this is the best
bit the actual chair there the seat
unfolds quite easily and you have
yourself an occasional double and if you
look at the side door guests aren't
interrupted because you can actually
move around the side of the boat part of
the popularity of this boat is its
ideally suited for a cruising couple who
have occasional friends on board
everything's very close for a compact
from the helm station you've got the
galley over here and the dining area
just behind it
accommodation you've got the owner's
cabin forward with a very generous
double bed and a twin over here on the
forehand side with the toilet opposite
the joy of boating is about being
outside and this Swift trawler really
caters for that with this upper helm
positioned they actually say a benefit
claim that this is the largest and the
flybridge decks in its class you
actually got a sociable area here off to
port
they've got rid of the mast and put a
gantry up and there's bags of space for
occasional furniture this is a very safe
boat easy to walk around easy to
maneuver
power comes from a single four to five
Cummins diesel on a shaft drive and
there's a bow and a stern thruster the
price 271,000 including v80 sterling
[Music]